.TH DSJAS 1 DSJAS-CLI
.SH NAME
dsjas \- manage a DSJAS site
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY dsjas
.OP \-Vq
.OP \-p path
.I section
.I command
.SY dsjas
.OP \-huv
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
DSJAS-CLI allows for the command-line management and interaction with
a DSJAS install. Among common administration tasks, it allows for the
automation of common developer tasks, such as creating plugins and
discovering common errors.
.P
DSJAS-CLI requires a valid DSJAS install to function. If the
.B \-p
option is not provided, DSJAS-CLI will assume the targetted install is
the current working directory.
.P
Functionality is split into various sections and commands, which all serve
common purposes. For instance, the "info" command is responsible for
querying site information, and the "create" command is responsible for
creating plugins.
.P
Flags can be provided globally (before the section and command) or to
command itself. Flags provided globally come before the command/section.
Flags for said command/section come afterward.
.SH GLOBAL OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-V
Be verbose; enable logging/extra outputs
.TP
.B \-q
Be quiet; disable any unnessecary outputs/formatting
.TP
.B \-p
Explicitly set the path for the DSJAS install. Defaults to the current
working directory
.TP
.B \-u
Print usage and exit cleanly
.TP
.B \-h
Print brief help and exit cleanly
.TP
.B \-v
Print version information and exit cleanly
.SH COMMAND SECTIONS
DSJAS-CLI sumcommands are documented in their own manual pages, in the format:
.I dsjas-[subcommand].
For instance, to see the documentation for the "create" section, the
manual page
.BR dsjas-create (1)
will be required.
.BR 
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Ethan Marshall as part of the DSJAS project. For more information,
visit
.UR https://github.com/DSJAS
.UE
.SH SEE ALSO
.UR https://github.com/DSJAS/DSJAS
.UE

.BR dsjas-info (1)
.BR dsjas-create (1)

.BR httpd (8)
.BR apache2 (8)
